Update Lighthouse Book for Electra features (#7280)
sigp/lighthouse: book/src/validator_voluntary_exit.md

Exit epoch in approximately 1920 secs
```

## Exit via the execution layer

> The voluntary exit above is via the consensus layer. With [Pectra](https://ethereum.org/en/history/#pectra) upgrade, validators with 0x01 and 0x02 withdrawal credentials can also exit their validators via the execution layer by sending a transaction using the withdrawal address. You can use [Siren](./ui.md) or the [staking launchpad](https://launchpad.ethereum.org/en/) to execute partial withdrawals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The voluntary exit above is via the consensus layer. With the [Pectra](https://ethereum.org/en/history/#pectra) upgrade, validators with 0x01 and 0x02 withdrawal credentials can also exit their validators via the execution layer by sending a transaction using the withdrawal address. You can use [Siren](./ui.md) or the [staking launchpad](https://launchpad.ethereum.org/en/) to send an exit transaction.
```
